Sir, please drink tea
Thank you girl
The little girl met the young master for a moment
I don't know the full name of the son either.
Qin Feng Qin Feng
Could it be that you are the doctor of law from the school motto Sun Qian?
Exactly below
Forgive the little girl's clumsy eyes
I didn't recognize the son.
Thank you so much, sir.
Why thank me
If it wasn't for the son teaching Sun Qian a lesson
I'm afraid this person will haunt me again
Thank you for writing this poem for Hong Xiu
As soon as this poem comes out
I'm afraid that Hongxiu will become famous all over the world
Poetry doesn't matter
Mainly because I am curious about what this Sun Qian is doing
The girl is so disgusted
This person is ridiculous and lustful
malevolent
This girl doesn't like it
Compared to the son
That's a big difference.
The girl has a great idea
But where did this lustful absurdity come from?
This Sun Qian was born into a famous family
It is normal to ask for flowers and willows
Could it be that the son did not come for Hongxiu this time?
But don't mean anything else?
What a coincidence
Just happen
It's about an official secret
Does Mr. Qin want to know?
Oh, of course.
It's not impossible to want to know
only
The son needs to pay a price
Red Sleeve Girl
Ah, forward.